Added predefined error type collection chapter 6.6.5.3 (#534)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

'SAME_ORDER_UPDATE_ID'| 'WARNING' | Receival of a duplicate order message (same `orderId` and `orderUpdateId`) | `headerId` of order message | Until new order message is accepted.
'ORDER_UPDATE_FOLLOWING_CANCEL'|'WARNING'| Receival of an order update for an order that has already been cancelled. | `headerId` of order message | Until new order message is accepted.
'OUTSIDE_OF_CORRIDOR'|'CRITICAL'| Leaving the corridor defined for an edge. | `edgeId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer violating the corridor boundaries.
'DUPLICATE_MAP'|'WARNING'| Receival of a map with `mapId` and `mapVersion` already existing. | `headerId` of map message | As long as relevant.
'BLOCKED_ZONE_VIOLATION'|'CRITICAL'| Entering a 'BLOCKED' zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer violating the blocked zone.
'RELEASE_LOST'|'CRITICAL'| Losing the release for a 'RELEASE' zone. | `zoneId` | Until the mobile robot is no longer within the 'RELEASE' zone or is granted a the release again.
'ZONE_ACTION_CONFLICT'|'CRITICAL'| Conflict between zone behavior and zone actions. | `zoneId` of 'ACTION' zone | Until the mobile robot is no longer violating the zone behavior.

> 'NODE_UNREACHABLE'|'CRITICAL'| The mobile robot cannot reach a node in its order. | `nodeId` | Until new order message is accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'NODE_UNREACHABLE'|'CRITICAL'| The mobile robot cannot reach a node in its order. | `nodeId` | Until new order is accepted.
```

'LOCALIZATION_ERROR'|'FATAL'| The mobile robot is not localized. | | Until localization is regained.
'NO_ROUTE_TO_TARGET'| 'WARNING' | Receival of an order with at least one unreachable node. | `orderId` | Until new order message is accepted.
'OTHER_ORDER_ACTIVE'| 'WARNING' | Receival of a new order while another order is still active. | `orderId` | Until new order message is accepted.

> 'START_NODE_OUT_OF_RANGE'| 'WARNING' | Receival of an order with unreachale first node. | `orderId` | Until new order message is accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'NO_ROUTE_TO_TARGET'| 'WARNING' | Receival of an order with at least one unreachable node. | `orderId` | Until new order is accepted.
'OTHER_ORDER_ACTIVE'| 'WARNING' | Receival of a new order while another order is still active. | `orderId` | Until new order is accepted.
'START_NODE_OUT_OF_RANGE'| 'WARNING' | Receival of an order with unreachable first node. | `orderId` | Until new order is accepted.
```
